And the next section we're going to be creating here this is going to be disservices action.
Right.
So there's going to be two things that are going to be looking at.
Obviously I want to put it in the center and we're going to look at see a system move this text up a
noun.
And they're also going to be changing the order.
All right.
So let's go to the next page to him now or here in our file.
And this was the end of the skills section right now.
Two comments.
You can see better.
I overdo it.
Right.
And this is going to be.
First one is going to be services section right.
And the services section is also going to have the title read the title the role going to be actually
reusing.
Right.
So we're all going to say services section know like this and then we're going to say the end of services.
Right and of services services.
Right.
So now that we have this we will want a section here section with an ID of services services right.
Once we have that the first thing we're going to do is actually place a title.
Right.
So I'm going to say we're here to come and this is going to be tied up.
And this is going to be the end of title because we're going to be using title.
So I'm going to say end of title and tired of all this and then I'm going to have a div with a class
of title title tied to all this and then I'm going to have a title text is going to be another day I
don't text here.
And then with an intro text we're going to have heading one and we're going to say this is going to
be services service you know and this and I pressed in the wrong space so we're here to press now we
have services right.
And then we'll have a title on the line right here.
This is separate.
Right.
And then we're going to have a div of title on the line.
I know there's a line over here and then we're going to have pretty much the end of the horror title.
All right.
So you have the title right.
Then we have thunder on the line and this is going to be a title text right.
So here this is going to be the end of title.
Now we can start creating the sections.
Right.
So we're here we're going to say this is going to be first of all Dave and this is going to be services
container services container container or here.
And then within this day we're going to have articles right.
And the first article right we're going to say this is going to be our logo and then we're going to
have the end of article.
Right.
So what we're going to do is just copy and paste this.
I'm going to say end of article right.
And as we go over here we're going to have an element of article we're all going to have a class of
service Irom I had them on here like this and or here there's going to be a lot of class service I had
on black.
Right.
So we're going to change this one around for a great one.
And this is going to be white instead.
But for this one this is going to be black.
Right.
And once we have the article set up let's go here.
And first we're going to create a div with a class of front text right.
So that's going to appear from.
Right.
So we have the day.
And so here we're going to say this is going to be an eye for rear fog here.
So this is going to be phantasm from gears here and this and that we're going to have a heading one
so we're here.
We're going to say this is going to be heading one and we're going to say this is going to be web development
or healing this press time.
Now we have had one and this is going to be it for the Frontex right now here we need to create a back
text right.
That's going to going in up here once we're actually hovering right.
So here Dave and this is going to be back next hour here and I'm going to say this is going to be hunting
one and this is also going to be web development right.
Web Developer love man.
Here again press time and we have one right here.
We're going to place the actual paragraph right.
So here let's make this bigger a little bit.
Right.
So paragraph and within the paragraph again we're going to say let's say Lauren 15 or 15 words you know
here you can see that if I press type again now I have my paragraph and then I'm going to have a button.
Right so here I'm going to say.
And this is going to have a type or your type button and then this is going to be read more read or
hear more.
Right.
So now we have a Frontex and the back text and we have the whole article right.
So let's check it out where it ends.
Right so this is the end of the article so I'm going to grab together with a comment and I need three
more.
One two three.
Right.
So I would want to do here create a new line and I'm going to check it out.
What is different in the next door.
Right.
So first of all in the next one to me I'm black it's going to be actually I'm white.
So this is the first difference.
Well here we're going to ride actually design and branding design over here and branding.
So we're going to find where it is here and we're going to say branding and then we're going to have
pencil square hole on here instead of gears.
So we're going to say for so here's where we're here we're going to say oh my.
So now we have this font or some analysis say we need to change this guy to.
Right.
So here I'm just going to copy this one design and branding copy and we're going to delete this guy
and we're going to paste this one right.
So now we have the design and branding.
Next one is going to be service item black here and then it's going to have a pie chart as a phone or
some pie chart.
And then this one is not going to be web development this is actually going to be analytics and analytics
or here.
And then the next one is going to be a service item again.
So this is going to be white or heatless maybe change this one to analytics too.
So now we have this copy this guy there's a guy here and paste.
And then once we have the analytics the last one is going to be CEO and this is going to be following
chart over here.
All right.
Follow the line line chart right.
And all he'll going to run this is going to be CEO CEO.
I don't know what he'll say.
And right as am I right.
So again let's grab this one copy this one and paste this one over here.
We have text white text black.
Right.
And this is going to be it for the hour.
The i'm all set up and now we're ready to go to see assistance the.